README.md, before:

# tokenizer
Tokenizer for Express written in Go

```bnf
program : stmt+ ;

stmt    : var assign_op term <EOS> |
          expr <EOS>            ;

expr    : term sec_op term |
          term             ;

assign_op : SET    |
            ASSIGN |
            INIT   ;

ASSIGN : `=`
SET    : `:`
INIT   : [ SET ASSIGN ]

sec_op  : ADD     |
          VEC_ADD |
          SUB     |
          VEC_SUB ;

ADD     : `+`  ;
VEC_ADD : `.+` ;
SUB     : `-`  ;
VEC_SUB : `.-` ;

term    : factor pri_op term |
          factor             ;

pri_op  : MULT     |
          DIV      |
          VEC_MULT |
          VEC_DIV  |
          MOD      ;

MULT      : `*`  ;
DIV       : `/`  ;
VEC_MULT  : `.*` ;
VEC_DIV   : `./` ;
MOD       : `%`  ;
VEC_MOD   : `.%` ;

factor  : L_PAREN expr R_PAREN |
          <literal>            |
          ident                ;

L_PAREN : `(` ;
R_PAREN : `)` ;

var     : type ident ;

type    : `var`  |
          number |
          char   |
          string |
          array  |
          bool   ;

ident   : <identifier> ;

(* 
  we need to make something for series/formulas
*)

number  : binary   |
          octal    |
          hex      |
          int      |
          float    |
          fraction |
          radical  |
          complex  ;

binary  : [ `0` | `1` ]+ ;
octal   : [ `0` | `1` | `2` | `3` | `4` | `5` | `6` | `7` ]+ ;
hex     : [ `0` | `1` | `2` | `3` | `4` | `5` | `6` | `7` |
            `8` | `9` |`A` | `B` | `C` | `D` | `E` | `F` ]+ ;
int     : [ `0` | `1` | `2` | `3` | `4` | `5` | `6` | `7` | `8` | `9` ]+ ;
float   : [ int `.` int ]
```

Commit message:

added more to the readme, added more lexems to tokens and lexemes, fixed whitespace identification in the lexer

README.md, after:

# Stages:
### - Lexer:   Tokenize the file
### - Parsing: Parse the tokens, squash tokens together
### - Check:   Check the tokens syntactically
Parse until you don't have to make any changes to any tokens
<br>
<br>

## Tokenizer
Tokenizer for Express written in Go

```bnf
program : stmt+ ;

stmt    : var assign_op term <EOS> |
          expr <EOS>            ;

expr    : term sec_op term |
          term             ;

assign_op : SET    |
            ASSIGN |
            INIT   ;

ASSIGN : `=`
SET    : `:`
INIT   : [ SET ASSIGN ]

sec_op  : ADD     |
          VEC_ADD |
          SUB     |
          VEC_SUB ;

ADD     : `+`  ;
VEC_ADD : `.+` ;
SUB     : `-`  ;
VEC_SUB : `.-` ;

term    : factor pri_op term |
          factor             ;

pri_op  : MULT     |
          DIV      |
          VEC_MULT |
          VEC_DIV  |
          MOD      ;

MULT      : `*`  ;
DIV       : `/`  ;
VEC_MULT  : `.*` ;
VEC_DIV   : `./` ;
MOD       : `%`  ;
VEC_MOD   : `.%` ;

factor  : L_PAREN expr R_PAREN |
          <literal>            |
          ident                ;

L_PAREN : `(` ;
R_PAREN : `)` ;

var     : type ident ;

type    : `var`  |
          number |
          char   |
          string |
          array  |
          bool   ;

ident   : <identifier> ;

(* 
  we need to make something for series/formulas
*)

number  : binary   |
          octal    |
          hex      |
          int      |
          float    |
          fraction |
          radical  |
          complex  ;

binary  : [ `0` | `1` ]+ ;
octal   : [ `0` | `1` | `2` | `3` | `4` | `5` | `6` | `7` ]+ ;
hex     : [ `0` | `1` | `2` | `3` | `4` | `5` | `6` | `7` |
            `8` | `9` |`A` | `B` | `C` | `D` | `E` | `F` ]+ ;
int     : [ `0` | `1` | `2` | `3` | `4` | `5` | `6` | `7` | `8` | `9` ]+ ;
float   : [ int `.` int ]
```
